Are you listening? You can't leave!
I lost them.
Kill me first if you want to leave.
How will you compensate?
-How?
-My goodness.
-Galaxy.
-I'm talking to you.
My God, she doesn't seem to care at all.
This is Galaxy.
We got something from the bug.
It won't be good once it's cold.
If you don't want it, I'll--
He eats and repeats the same words
over and over.
-So I--
-I told you to question him, not beat him.
I'm telling the truth.
I just mistook someone for him.
I grew up with a single mom.
For the sake of my mother in the
countryside who's counting on me,
I must succeed.
So why would I help a communist?
-Don't you do anything stupid.
-Of course not.
I'll be discreet
and make sure to get the job done.
Let him go.
Yes, sir.
I'll return your kindness one day!
Sir!
The wiretapping team told me
they got something from the bug.
If we can decipher--
He moved to some quiet suburb.
What does it mean?
"The scenery is so beautiful
that I miss you so much, Dad."
What does this mean?
What are you doing?
Professor.
For someone who's lived in New York,
it's not easy to live there.
Since your son went over to Pyongyang,
he's been trying to escape.
What do I have to do
to get him out of there?
Go to the North
and get out of there with him.
What?
We'll help you get out with him
safely and in secret
before the CIA finds it out.
What do I have to do in return?
That I don't know of.
But what I do know is
that if you do what the North wants,
you'll be able to get out safely
with your son.
I'll give you my word.
Get some rest here.
You guys go first with Professor Han.
Are you not coming with us?
The party ordered me to pick up
weapons and money from Mount Ogong.
Tonight at 22:00,
we're supposed to make
contact with our boat here.
So I'll be there before then.
Watch him closely all the time,
and if you sense
any change in his ideology,
don't hesitate…
to kill him.
If we don't get this done,
then the late Geum-cheol died for nothing.
We must accomplish the mission.